alright hey what's up everyone I'm here
I'm gonna make a quick video one of my
followers and viewers from you too she
left me a Facebook message asking about
hair shears I'm rushing really really
fast because my computer's about to die
and I don't feel like getting my charger
so we just gonna keep rolling with it ok
so she wants to know should she invest
in a high-quality expensive pair of
shears because she wants to know if it's
gonna have a positive impact on the
health of her hair and the answer to
that the quick answer to that is no do
not invest in no expensive 100 200 300
$400 pair of shears it's not worth it
it's not going to make that much of a
difference you need to invest it if
you're just a regular person sitting at
home can trim in your own hair maybe
trimming your daughter's hair just
invest in a good twenty thirty dollar
pair of shears from Sally's Beauty
Supply make sure you do not get the 99
cent ones those are the cheap hair
shears that you use for cutting weaves
and things like that okay don't get your
hair shears of the 99 cent ones don't
use those to cut your hair they get dull
real quick the reason why you want to
invest in the twenty thirty dollar ones
is because they are intended for people
who just you know like I said trim their
own hair and that's it the expensive
ones there are a hundred two hundred
three hundred dollars those are for hair
stylists because those are designed to
handle the large load of hair cuts that
we have to do on a daily basis most hair
stylists on average cut ten heads of
hair a day that's including trims so
they need shears that are extremely
sharp that are gonna stay sharp longer
and that are going to last a long time
that's why it cost so much the
difference in the shears themselves is
just the quality of the metal the twenty
thirty dollar ones are for ten stainless
steel the ones that cost between a
hundred to two hundred dollars those are
440 stainless steel and the difference
is just the percentage of metals in the
the steel itself and you want to see
what 440 stainless steel
looks like I'll show you okay this is
440 stainless steel right here what do
you mean with this buddy what do you
need what a samurai sword what are you
gonna do with this you gonna cut you
here with this really you don't need
this trust me you don't need this I'm
just saying like it's not it's not worth
it um so again the for the the twenty
thirty dollar ones two for ten stainless
steel those are gonna give you 500 good
haircuts and then they have to either be
resharpened or discarded so let's face
it you are not gonna sit there and do
500 haircuts in you know a year two
years three years so there are gonna
last you a long time you need to make
sure that you maintain those shears
though so after you use the shears make
sure you clean them rub them down with
tissue and rubbing alcohol to clean the
blades do not use those shears for
cutting anything else besides your hair
human hair do not use them for cutting
weeds and you need to cut your weave
that synthetic get you the 99-cent
shears
okay don't get don't use those synthetic
hair will cause your blades too dull and
that's my computer about to die so we're
gonna make this quick so yeah hopefully
that answers your question um did I
leave anything out I think I answer just
about everything I can go into more
detail but that's not necessary so y'all
have a good night
and I'll see your food
[Music]